documentation/about_the_challenge.md, before:


# O poderiamos ter feito melhor  
  
Poderíamos implementar um processo de CI/CD para armazenar as chaves de acesso ao banco de dados, caso esse projeto fosse para um ambiente de produção. Evitando assim a exposição das credenciais de acesso ao banco de dados.  
  
Outro ponto está relacionado a escalabilidade do processo de scraping, na forma que foi desenvolvido, é possível apenas o escalonamento na vertical. Dependendo do contexto pode ser um problema.  

Para deixar o projeto completo, poderiamos também criar um SDK para facilitar o uso considerando disponibilizar para outros desenvolvedores.  
  
# Porque adotei as tecnologias 
Usei o mongoDB pelo fato de ser um banco muito comum e fácil para escalar, caso seja necessário só precisa criar novos nodes.  
Foi usado o docker-compose para orquestrar os serviços do mongo e da API, permitindo assim, melhor   
  
# Ponto de duvida  
O processo de predição das "appearances" ficou meio confuso, porque quando fazemos o scraping já coletamos o total de "appearances"  então não vejo necessidade de realizar a predição. Entretanto, mesmo assim vou fazer o calculo, então as entidades tem um novo campo para armazenar a predição.

Commit message:

Documentation of process and adjust in the develop environment

documentation/about_the_challenge.md, after:

# We could have done it better
  
We could implement a CI / CD process to store as access keys to the database, in case this project was for a production environment. Thus avoiding the exposure of the credentials of access to the database.
Another point is related to the scalability of the scraping process, as it was developed, only vertical scaling is possible. Context precedents can be an issue.
To make the project complete, we could also create an SDK to make it easier to use considering making it available to other developers.
Could have put more validation points using python's exception handling

# Why I adopted technologies

I used MongoDB because it is a very common and easy-to-scale database, if necessary you just need to create new nodes.
Docker-compose was used to orchestrate the mongo and API services, thus allowing better control between images and communication between containers.
  
# Attention points

The "apparitions" prediction process was a bit confusing because when we do the scraping we already collect the total of "apparitions" so I don't see the need to make the prediction. However, even so, I will do the calculation, so as entities it has a new field to store the prediction.
About the feature vector, I chose to save the vector with the features of each link, to avoid unnecessary reprocessing to scrape the pages, as it is a costly operation in terms of processing. For each feature it is necessary to perform a search on the page, being an O (n) operation, determined by the features.

Another point is related to the model, every time a new prediction is requested, the model performs the entire process of data collection and preparation, thus bringing better control over the process and providing random records for the prediction. A negative point in this approach is related to computational processing. It is important to note that this can be adjusted
